README Chengjiao Yang 03/26/2014

Part A. How to Test: 1. Burger & Burge Exercise 8.2 (page 153) (25 points): A. Before doing test, must copy the fold " hwthreejar" to "...\ImageJ\plugins\ ". B. I use the images "images.jpg", "spine.jpg", "rumway.jpg" in " 8bit image" folder to test. This program only accept 8bit image. C. Drag a images into imagej, then compile and run the code.
I found when the contrast getting bigger, we need to use bigger threshold, when the contrast decrease, we can use smaller threshold to match image, but it's better to use threshold larger than 0. The threshold and contrast has exponential relationship.

+ Laplacian edge detection method (53 points): A. I use " hoos_cow.tif" to test, the program of this part accept 32bit images. B. Drag a images into imagej, then compile and run the code. All four program has the same operation. C. More information will display when running the code.
Part B. The Answer of Questions: 1. (4 pts) Apply your gradient magnitude filter with σ = 1. Describe what you see in the background (behind the cow). Now apply your gradient magnitude filter with σ = 8, and describe the background. Why are they different? Answer: when useσ = 1, the edge is clear and slim, when useσ = 8, the edge become thick and fuzzy.
+ (4 pts) Apply your Laplacian filter with σ = 4. Describe the transition at the edge on the top of the cow's head (as you move from the background down into the cow's head). Compare this to the transition at edge on the top of the cow's ears. Why are the transitions different? Answer: At the top of the cow's head there is a deep black line look like a horn. At the top of the cow's ears there looks great, only little noise. The reason why the transitions different is because the original different color of the background and the edge algorithm. The white object has black edge, the black object has white edge.
+ (7 pts) Apply your Laplacian edge detection with a fixed threshold = 10, but with increasing values for σ = 1, 4, 8, 16. Describe the problems you see as σ gets larger. Now for the same values σ = 1, 4, 8, 16 try to change the threshold as you change σ so that you do not have this problem. How did you have to change the threshold?
Answer: First use threshold=10, σ=1, the image has lots of noise, whenσ gets larger, the noise disappear, the edge become clear, but whenσraise up to 16, the edge is clear, but we can hardly distinguish what the image is. Secondly we use constantσand change the threshold, when the threshold is low, the image may has some noise, when threshold grow bigger, the edge become clear, but when threshold is too larger, the edge disappear.
+ (7 pts) Imagine that you were writting a computer vision algorithm that had to recognize text on any signs that it found in an image. Find good values for σ and the threshold that will outline the edges in the text but will not get many “false” edges in the background. What values did you use? Try this also for the images sign1.tif and sign2.tif. Did you have to change the parameters to get good results? What values did you use? Answer: when I useσ=2 and threshold =100, all three images are look great, they are easily to recognize the content. 
